Doctor Octopus Character Concept: Support/Strategist

A Thread

Preface:
"I think he fits duelist or tank more", these are all valid but I feel as though there isn't a lot of popular healers/support characters in Marvel so changes will have to be made to some character which I like to do.

I'm also imagining this pre Superior Spider-Man

Passive: Tentacles
When not using all 4 of his tentacles he is able to move quicker than normal walking speed using all 4 tentacles. While using at least one of them he moves slower than normal walking speed walking on just 2 of his tentacles

Passive cont:
He is able to wall climb at normal speed using the tentacles, and is able to use his tentacles to heal and damage normally while using his other 2 to hang onto the wall, allowing for fun angles to shoot and heal from

Primary Fire: Laser Tentacle
Using his top right tentacle his is able to fire a slow firing but mid damaging beam at his targets to do consistent but not insane damage. It wouldn't have an ammo capacity but would use the overheat system in many other shoots, like Orisa in OW2

Alternate Fire: Healing Tentacle
Using his top left tentacle he is able to fire an automatic target beam towards his allies healing them. This move would also have the same overheat mechanic.

Primary and Alternate Fire cont:
You can use both moves at the same time, but both overheat bars will be consumed faster.

Reminder that you'll only have to aim with the damaging tentacle as the healing is auto aim like C&D

Ability 1: Overdrive
Temporarily (10 seconds) decrease the effect each tentacle has on their overheat bars to let Doc Oct stay in the fight longer. Having a moderate cooldown of maybe 30 seconds

Ability 2: Quick Escape
When needed Doc Oct can eject himself from his tentacles leaving them behind in a turret form automatically healing and damage people in it's vicinity although at a reduced amount.

The tentacles then have a 200 hp health bar which can be destroyed afterwards leaving Doc Oct with nothing but a melee until they return in 15 seconds.

Pressing the button after deploying the tentacles calls them back to you.

Ultimate: All Hands on Deck
Using all 4 of his tentacles Doc Oct weaves a beam of destruction and healing forwards for 5 seconds (think Moira but cooler because its Doc Ock), afterwards leaving him in his vulnerable state until all tentacles recharge after 3 seconds

Team Up: Shared Minds
With Spider-Man

Because I was thinking of it being the Oct after Superior Spider-Man, the team up would and Oct made spider bots so I think giving Peter a trap that automatically adds a web tracker would be cool

Thanks for reading!
