Ant-Man and the Wasp Character Concept: Art by ScottCohn on devianart

Support/Strategist

---

Notes: I've seen a lot of people want to make this character a swapping character similar to Cloak & Dagger and I think that's really cool, so that's how I'll do my character concept. First I'll do Ant-Man.

Ant Man:

Primary Fire: Punching Combo similar to Spider-Man but like without the kick at the end. I'm not a huge Ant-Man guy and all I remember is his blaster and the gun that can shrink and grow. I wanted to give those things to Wasp tho to make a cooler kit, I'll touch on that later.

Ability 1: Ant Elevator
I think it'd be really cool if he was able build with his ants in a way that could give more freedom to the team, similar to Life Weaver in overwatch. I think it should go fairly high also

Ability 2: Ant Trap
Setting an Ant Trap that when sprung has ants climb onto the victim dealing damage until the attack is over or their teammates shoot off the ants similar to Mantis Sleep.

Ability 3 (probably Alt Fire): Healing Ants
Hank has ants crawl and heal teammates from a distance. Have certain amount on a charge that heal overtime like Mantis

Shared Abilities:
Probably should have put this at the beginning but oh well. These are abilities both would have as the name implies ig

Small note:
I should add also, id imagine while you're controlling one, the other is shrunk down on the shoulder. I think it'd be a neat gimmick if the one on the shoulder was also a critical hitbox lol but idk. When shrunken both will be the same size

Shrink Ability:
I think both should either have their health cut massively when shrunken to balance out the fact that they should still attack at full damage because that is the gimmick of the characters. So I'd say if their max was 250 it should be maybe 100 when shrunken

Shrink Ability cont:
If you're currently Ant-Man while you're shrunken, I think you should ride an ant and get access to a wall climb via the ant, being able to jump off and attack unsuspecting targets or heal safely from below

Shrink Ability cont:
If you're the Wasp I think you should be able to fly around while carrying Ant-Man and he uses your Stinger gun to both heal and damage enemies

Swapping Ability:
Press it to swap characters, one grows and one shrinks onto that ones shoulder

The Wasp:

Primary Fire: Stingers
Using them she can heal and damage allies similar to Juno from overwatch but like dual wield and really cool and the Wasp wow

Ability 1: Float Like a Butterfly...
Give her a swift dash in any movement direction for some mobility

Passive:
Give her perma flight like Iron Man and Storm. Make it slow enough to where it's not annoying for either party to shoot her or for her to survive. I'm kinda hesitant because a whole team of flyers would be annoying for controller players but it almost feels inevitable

Ultimate: Ant Man and The Wasp
Ant-Man grows REALLY BIG and gets increased health and damage on melee while the wasp stays tinyish flying around Ant-Man and automatically heals and damage allies and enemies respectively in range for a limited time

If you read all that I'm legitimately surprised and thank you so much 🙏🏽
I hope to do more of these, right now I have rough concepts of Ghost Rider, and Daredevil so I'll probably do those when I'm bored
